well it's getting to be about Christmas
time so let's make a Christmas tree I've
gone into my brushes and PSP and let's
see get the spiky twirl more use that we
got like three different sizes will be
using this large large size and then the
medium that's what I think it will work
out good I won't cut the size down here
this is default size cut it down a
little bit we're going to make a little
shape here for like a tree that and just
kind of fill it in a little bit here
apt to do you do what's going on the
bottom here get good bottom and got that
won't change brushes here see let's go
to the default it's got like plus
default and that will take off the other
settings that we don't want to use we
don't want it doing like what our first
brush did and going to swap colors here
i'm going to use black on a new layer
here you rest or later and going to
paint over the transparent areas I don't
want showing and we'll be sliding this
layer down underneath so it's not that
I'm Peyton over this like I am am
painting over it but it won't we're
going to slide it down so it won't look
like this I got bust of them covered and
when we slide it down it takes out a lot
of those transparent areas come on down
baby there we go make this layer see
that's like a pretty nice Christmas tree
let's add another layer and let's have
add some tinsel to it or something that
looks a little bit like tensile I need
change to about any kind of flat silvery
pattern I don't like it here's one that
all were pretty good and see will change
to another spiky twirl here but it'll be
medium science
and see I want green on top so we would
be taking part green part silver as we
do this and kind of its kind of fact
like that
I wish putting up a tree was this easy
that's pretty good and let's add some
balls to it Christmas balls that is see
your Reds are nice yeah Christmasy red
here we have to go back in whoop have to
go back and pick our default again plus
default it's the first option in my box
so we can get just this round shape and
see you can pause this tape anytime you
want to that's a little small don't you
think this canvas size i'm working on by
the way is 800 x 600 I like working
large and then resizing it small when
I'm done that way the the low bad spots
don't show up hardly at all when you
finish there are some spots let's see
let's pick pretty blue how about that
and so you've got red blue like a pretty
green I guess yes route
and i'm going to add another layer here
or this one we're going to add like
highlights with white changes down to
about 20 here and I'm just want to make
dots on the sides of these things now
sometimes the Christmas balls had have a
little shiny spot on it you don't have
to mall but I'll do them all right now
because I just am in that Christmas
spirit and that's looks like white dots
on them let's go to adjust blur Gaussian
blur for these things out a little bit
see how this looks here
yeah it looks pretty good and that's it
we have our Christmas tree of course you
can resize it and use it the way you
want to I hope you enjoyed the slow
video here and say ya later this is who
d be talking to you